In source now-defunct Pants team fork of Jar Jar Links (#15)
eed3si9n/jarjar-abrams: README.markdown

Jar Jar Abrams is an experimental Scala extension of [Jar Jar Links][links] a utility to shade Java libraries.

> Pants Jar Jar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jar Jar Links
```

============

> [Pants Jar Jar](https://github.com/pantsbuild/jarjar) was migrated at commit 57845dc73d3e2c9b916ae4a788cfa12114fd7df1, dated Oct 28, 2018.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2004, herbyderby (Chris Nokleberg) created a tool called Jar Jar Links that can repackage Java libraries.

Now defunct [fork of Jar Jar Links by Pants](https://github.com/pantsbuild/jarjar) was in-sourced at commit 57845dc73d3e2c9b916ae4a788cfa12114fd7df1, dated Oct 28, 2018.
```
